**Summary***The purpose of the graph changed during iterations, as the detailing of the iterations makes clear*. The current visualization is a graph of airline flights to McCarran International Airport, Las Vegas, NV, in 2008. It graphs distance travelled against flight time for flights of two hours’ duration or less, and concludes that, in general, longer flights travel at higher speeds.**Design**The first design decision was to pre-process the data, to assist both load times and to filter the amount of airports in the data set to a manageable amount. D3’s `.filter()` function could have been used to reduce the airport count, but so large a `.csv` would have led to a painfully slow visualization.The dataset was processed to filter out all airlines other than United Airlines, and to only use flights from Day 6. Even then, the data set is still considerable.For the first iteration, it was decided to post the flights against the airports on the axes, and use color to illustrate the departure delay times.**Feedback**From KU: “*Those colors are hideous – change them, for God’s sake.*”From SJ: “*The x-axis labels are misaligned – they’re running off the end of the axis before the bars on the bar chart.*”**Second Iteration**Colors changed to a white to red gradient, and the background changed to a light blue to make the white stand out.The `dy` and `dx` text attributes tweaked to address the label alignment issue.An extra ten pixels were added to the bottom margin to give some space between the tick and axis labels.**Second Iteration Feedback**From KU: “*Much better colors.*”From RM: “*Why don’t you switch the thing around? Why not use the delays as the major statistic and the flights as the minor? People care more about delays than traffic at an airport.*”**Third Iteration**Average Delay plotted against Airports, and colored by flight.The white to red gradient saw bars disappear towards the end of the graph. The color scheme was changed to address this.** Third Iteration Feedback**From SJ: “*The labels are better, but they’re not informative. If you’re not a regular visitor to Chicago, how will you know what ORD stands for?*”From KU: “*The labels at the bottom are still a bit fiddly – why don’t you turn the whole thing around? Put the airports on the y and the delays on the x?*”**Fourth Iteration**The pre-processing file was changed to add the airport name to the data using data found here: https://github.com/jbrooksuk/JSON-Airports.The graph axes were switched around as per KU’s suggestion.The graph was further amended by moving the x-axis to the top, and nudging the axis labels towards the top-left corner.The tooltip now gives the airport name and all the data – an extra key was added to the `d3.nest()` data to facilitate this. **Fourth Iteration Feedback**Udacity found the visualization to fall down on two points – the requirements that ‘the visualization centers on a specific, clear finding in the data,” and that ‘Design choices foster communication between the reader and the visualization.’**Fifth Iteration**I have removed the detail about the number of flights per airport. Flights per airport are still used to filter the data, but this detail is no longer expressed in the chart. The addition of this data caused confusion, suggesting there is a relationship between departure delay and flights per airport. This is not the case.I’ve added a blue gradient to the bars.The tooltip now disappears on mouse out, and the opacity of the bars also varies according to the position of the mouse.**Fifth Iteration Feedback**From Udacity: “*I still cannot say that the current version of the project is explanatory enough. What I want from you is to find any trend or pattern that can be explained with your chart. E.g You can create the chart with 2001 year and show how delays were changed after 11th of September, or you can show the number of flights from 2005 till 2012 and show that amount of flights were less in 2008 due to the financial crisis.It can be any trend you were able to find, the only thing that viewer should be able to see this easily in the chart. This trend should be mentioned inside summary section of the readme fileAs you said you deleted color highlighting to avoid misunderstanding and this made the project more comfortable for understanding, however, I see that gradient is still here - the bottom bar is darker than the top one. I think that it will be more comfortable for a viewer if you just set the same color for all bars.*”**Sixth Iteration**I misunderstood the project rubric’s emphasis on a clear story from the data. Therefore, I have chosen a different angle from the 2008 flight data. In this iteration,* the data is pre-processed to show flights to Las Vegas airport only.* the distance of these flights is graphed against the time taken to travel for flights of two hours’ duration or less* A dotted line is drawned to show the average speed, to make it easier for the viewer to tell faster flights from slower* data points expand on hover, and a tooltip shows the airport name.